A grace filled morning to one and all, please settle
down as we are about to begin the Eucharistic celebration.
Let us maintain a prayerful silence inside this chapel of
the Holy Guardian Angel.
It has been a valued university tradition to celebrate the
feast of the Holy Guardian Angel with the Holy Eucharist
as an expression of our thanksgiving to God for the
gift of the Holy Angel University community.
Fellow Angelites, let us now witness the procession of the
members of the dedicated administrators, faculty, staff, parents, and student
leaders as a sign of our thanksgiving to God for
the unwavering faith and commitment to Catholic education and spirituality,
which we offer as an academic community.
Leading the procession is our dear President, Mr. Leopoldo Jaime
N.
Valdez, together with his council, the deans, the administrators of
the basic education department, the university pastoral council, and the
theology and CLE faculty.
Please stand for the program of the image of the
Holy Guardian Angel.
Leading the procession is our dear President, Mr. Leopoldo Jaime
N.
Valdez, together with his council, the deans, the administrators of
the basic education department, the university pastoral council, and the
theology and CLE faculty.
The student leaders of the college and basic education department.
The CLE representatives.
The theology professors.
The CLE and philosophy faculty of the basic education department.
The deans and administrators of the basic education department.
Our dear President, Sir Leopoldo Valdez.